c:\users\cpz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SuperMarsh\SuperMarsh\bin\Debug\SuperMarsh.exe.config
c:\users\cpz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SuperMarsh\SuperMarsh\bin\Debug\SuperMarsh.exe
c:\users\cpz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SuperMarsh\SuperMarsh\bin\Debug\SuperMarsh.pdb
c:\users\cpz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SuperMarsh\SuperMarsh\obj\Debug\MainWindow.g.cs
c:\users\cpz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SuperMarsh\SuperMarsh\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\cpz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SuperMarsh\SuperMarsh\obj\Debug\SuperMarsh_MarkupCompile.cache
c:\users\cpz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SuperMarsh\SuperMarsh\obj\Debug\SuperMarsh_MarkupCompile.lref
c:\users\cpz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SuperMarsh\SuperMarsh\obj\Debug\MainWindow.baml
c:\users\cpz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SuperMarsh\SuperMarsh\obj\Debug\SuperMarsh.g.resources
c:\users\cpz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SuperMarsh\SuperMarsh\obj\Debug\SuperMarsh.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\cpz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SuperMarsh\SuperMarsh\obj\Debug\SuperMarsh.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\cpz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SuperMarsh\SuperMarsh\obj\Debug\SuperMarsh.exe
c:\users\cpz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SuperMarsh\SuperMarsh\obj\Debug\SuperMarsh.pdb
c:\users\cpz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SuperMarsh\SuperMarsh\bin\Debug\BilibiliDM_PluginFramework.dll
c:\users\cpz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SuperMarsh\SuperMarsh\bin\Debug\BilibiliDM_PluginFramework.pdb
c:\users\cpz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\SuperMarsh\SuperMarsh\bin\Debug\BilibiliDM_PluginFramework.xml
C:\Users\cpz\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SuperMarsh\SuperMarsh\bin\Debug\DnsClient.dll
C:\Users\cpz\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SuperMarsh\SuperMarsh\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Bson.dll
C:\Users\cpz\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SuperMarsh\SuperMarsh\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.Core.dll
C:\Users\cpz\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SuperMarsh\SuperMarsh\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.dll
C:\Users\cpz\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SuperMarsh\SuperMarsh\bin\Debug\System.Buffers.dll
C:\Users\cpz\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SuperMarsh\SuperMarsh\bin\Debug\System.Runtime.InteropServices.RuntimeInformation.dll
C:\Users\cpz\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SuperMarsh\SuperMarsh\bin\Debug\DnsClient.xml
C:\Users\cpz\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SuperMarsh\SuperMarsh\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Bson.xml
C:\Users\cpz\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SuperMarsh\SuperMarsh\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.xml
C:\Users\cpz\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SuperMarsh\SuperMarsh\bin\Debug\MongoDB.Driver.Core.xml
C:\Users\cpz\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SuperMarsh\SuperMarsh\obj\Debug\App.baml
C:\Users\cpz\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SuperMarsh\SuperMarsh\obj\Debug\Styles\ButtonStyles.baml
C:\Users\cpz\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SuperMarsh\SuperMarsh\obj\Debug\Styles\ListViewStyles.baml
C:\Users\cpz\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\SuperMarsh\SuperMarsh\obj\Debug\SuperMarsh.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
